StepHsitory.md, before:



-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Step 07
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Step 06
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Step 05
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Step 04     Add Dependencies Dagger Hit 
            Coroutines recyclerview decorations
            app tested            
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Step 03     Design Fragments for Touren
            List Fragment, Add new Tour as Diaogfragment
            TODO create more diaogfragment to design onboarding process
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Step 02     Add dependencies
            Room, Navigation, Safeargs, ViewModel Livedata
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Step 01     published on GitHub without any changes
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Commit message:

Step 05     Implement Hilt             MyApp created and notet in manifest, Entity Tour implemented             app tested

StepHsitory.md, after:



-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Step 07
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Step 06
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Step 05     Implement Hilt
            MyApp created and notet in manifest, Entity Tour implemented
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Step 04     Add Dependencies Dagger Hit 
            Coroutines recyclerview decorations
            app tested            
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Step 03     Design Fragments for Touren
            List Fragment, Add new Tour as Diaogfragment
            TODO create more diaogfragment to design onboarding process
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Step 02     Add dependencies
            Room, Navigation, Safeargs, ViewModel Livedata
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Step 01     published on GitHub without any changes
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
